README.md, before:

# Intergrated Project
## Repository for Intergrated Project for 
Github Page Link:
## Project Name
### Webpage to inform and educate users about Covid-19 (Covinfo)
A simple page, done as part of IP Project. Topic Choosen: Covid-19

## Design Process
The webpage is ment to be simple considering only 1 member in the pair (Leong Yu Xuan) takes the ID module. The webpage as a result is very simple compared to what the other groups are doing.

Due to Leong Yu Xuan having a PiP assignment that covers a similar topic, some of the code from there (specifically the section that displays Cv-19 Info of Singapore) can be imported from there. Knowledge gathered from there would also be of great help to the coding efforts. Hopefully this website would be literally more functional compared to Assignment 2.

With the nature of the webapp, the page would greatly benefit from a "mobile-first" design, since the main page contains useful infomation that people would like to check on oftenly.

Once again, the workflow would be having the basic functionality be set in place before having the art assets be put in place.
## Features (Added ones are ticked)
- [x] Display Daily updated Cv Stats on Singapore
- [ ] Display Warning messages based on statistics on that day
- [ ] Educational section with reading materials and quizes
- [ ] Rewards for completing quizes/reaching milestones
- [ ] Localstorage usage to track rewards
- [ ] Optional: Allow changing of countries and save it in local storage.
## Tech Used
* HTML Boilerplate (Visual Studio) https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sidthesloth.html5-boilerplate
* W3C HTML validator https://validator.w3.org/
* W3C CSS "Jigsaw" validator https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/
* jshint JS linter(?) https://jshint.com/
* CV-19 API: https://disease.sh/
## Test Runs


## Credits

Commit message:

Added a test run. Optional function ticked

README.md, after:

# Intergrated Project
## Repository for Intergrated Project for 
Github Page Link:
## Project Name
### Webpage to inform and educate users about Covid-19 (Covinfo)
A simple page, done as part of IP Project. Topic Choosen: Covid-19

## Design Process
The webpage is ment to be simple considering only 1 member in the pair (Leong Yu Xuan) takes the ID module. The webpage as a result is very simple compared to what the other groups are doing.

Due to Leong Yu Xuan having a PiP assignment that covers a similar topic, some of the code from there (specifically the section that displays Cv-19 Info of Singapore) can be imported from there. Knowledge gathered from there would also be of great help to the coding efforts. Hopefully this website would be literally more functional compared to Assignment 2.

With the nature of the webapp, the page would greatly benefit from a "mobile-first" design, since the main page contains useful infomation that people would like to check on oftenly.

Once again, the workflow would be having the basic functionality be set in place before having the art assets be put in place.
## Features (Added ones are ticked)
- [x] Display Daily updated Cv Stats on Singapore
- [ ] Display Warning messages based on statistics on that day
- [ ] Educational section with reading materials and quizes
- [ ] Rewards for completing quizes/reaching milestones
- [ ] Localstorage usage to track rewards
- [x] Optional: Allow changing of countries ~~and save it in local storage~~ .
## Tech Used
* HTML Boilerplate (Visual Studio) https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sidthesloth.html5-boilerplate
* W3C HTML validator https://validator.w3.org/
* W3C CSS "Jigsaw" validator https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/
* jshint JS linter(?) https://jshint.com/
* CV-19 API: https://disease.sh/
## Test Runs
### Test changing of country to display different country (9 Feb 2021)
Observation: Did not work very well despite copy-paste from fully functional code from PiP assignment. 

Action: Fix referencing errors to initial html code. 

Status: Fixed

## Credits
